---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "identitynow_workflow Resource - terraform-provider-identitynow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# identitynow_workflow (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "identitynow_workflow" "test" {
  name        = "test workflow"
  description = "test workflow from terraform"
  owner = {
    id = "ownerId"
  }
  enabled = false
  definition = {
    start = "Get List of Identities"
    steps = jsonencode({
      "Get List of Identities" = {
        displayName   = "Get List of Identities"
        type          = "action"
        actionId      = "sp:get-identities"
        versionNumber = 2
        attributes = {
          inputQuery = "*"
          searchBy   = "searchQuery"
        }
        nextStep = "End Step"
      }
      "End Step" = {
        displayName = ""
        type        = "success"
      }
    })
  }
  trigger = {
    type = "EVENT"
    attributes = {
      id = "idn:identity-created"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the workflow
- `owner` (Attributes) The identity that owns the workflow. The owner's permissions in IDN will determine what actions the workflow is allowed to perform. Ownership can be changed by updating the owner in a PUT or PATCH request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))

### Optional

- `definition` (Attributes) The map of steps that the workflow will execute (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--definition))
- `description` (String) The description of the rule's purpose
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the workflow. Workflows cannot be created in an enabled state
- `trigger` (Attributes) The trigger that starts the workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the workflow

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `definition`

Optional:

- `start` (String) The name of the starting step
- `steps` (String) One or more step objects that comprise this workflow. Please see the Workflow documentation to see the JSON schema for each step type


<a id="nestedatt--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger`

Required:

- `attributes` (Attributes) Workflow Trigger Attributes. One of the following sets of attributes is required, depending on the trigger type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger--attributes))
- `type` (String) The type of trigger

<a id="nestedatt--trigger--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger.attributes`

Optional:

- `attribute_to_filter` (String) For events triggered by attribute changes, the name of the attribute that changed. EVENT trigger type
- `cron_string` (String) A valid CRON expression. SCHEDULED trigger type
- `description` (String) Additonal context about the external trigger. EXTERNAL trigger type
- `filter` (String) JSON path expression that will limit which events the trigger will fire on. EVENT trigger type
- `id` (String) The ID of the trigger. EVENT trigger type
- `name` (String) A unique name for the external trigger. EXTERNAL trigger type
